README.md, before:

# AmirHossein Shop 🛍️

A modern, responsive e-commerce landing page designed in Figma and built with React + TypeScript.

<div align="center">

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

</div>

<br/>

## ✨ Features
- Clean and modern minimalist design
- Fully responsive (mobile-first approach)
- Smooth animations and interactive elements
- Type-safe code with TypeScript
- Fast styling with Tailwind CSS (or your chosen styling method)
- Clean, maintainable project structure

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **React** + **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS** (or CSS Modules/SCSS – update if different)
- **Vite** (for fast development – update if using Create React App/Next.js)
- Initial design crafted in **Figma**

## 🚀 Getting Started
```bash
git clone https://github.com/AmirHosseinRezaaie/Store_page_landing-with-Figma
cd amirhossein-shop
npm install
npm run dev

Commit message:

fix buges and update README.md

README.md, after:

# Store Landing Page 🛍️

A modern, responsive e-commerce landing page initially designed in Figma and built with React + TypeScript.

<div align="center">

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

</div>

<br/>

## ✨ Features
- Clean and modern UI with a professional store aesthetic
- Fully responsive design (desktop & mobile)
- Multi-page structure: Home, About, and Product Detail
- SVG icons and custom components for better reusability
- Type-safe development with TypeScript
- Fast development and build with Vite
- Styled using Tailwind CSS + custom theme

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **React** + **TypeScript** + **Vite**
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- Custom CSS modules (index.css, theme.css)
- SVG assets and reusable UI components
- Initial prototype designed in **Figma**

## 🚀 Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AmirHosseinRezaaie/Store_page_landing-with-Figma.git
cd Store_page_landing-with-Figma
npm install
npm run dev
